App dev content (#1139)
temporalio/documentation: docs/app-dev-context/registering-types.md

All Workers listening to the same Task Queue name must be registered to handle the exact same Workflows Types and Activity Types.

> If a Worker polls a Task for a Workflow Type or Activity Type it does not know about, it will fail that Task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Worker polls a Task for a Workflow Type or Activity Type it does not know about, it fails that Task.
```

> However, the failure of the Task will not cause the associated Workflow Execution to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the failure of the Task does not cause the associated Workflow Execution to fail.
```
